my desk adult ort from Tina with your
first look and tongue test of the
Samsung rugby pro this is a new phone
for 18 t it's a rugged one or as I like
to call it
rugged ish that's because it is
definitely meant for sort of an
outdoorsy person maybe a contract worker
or a construction worker as well it's
got some large buttons on the outside
it's thicker it's got some groupable
sides here and some flaps to cover all
the ports so those are some of the
things that you would definitely see in
a more durable device it also has a
screw on the back to keep the back panel
firmly in place so that you're not going
to get water dust and humidity and all
sorts of elements whole things that you
wouldn't want creeping into the back of
your phone where the battery the SIM
card and the memory slot are but the
reason I called it rugged ish is because
in one of my drop tests where I actually
kind of used a little bit of force and
dropped it from just about waist level
on to the ground some of the back panel
did pop off not the part that was
screwed in but the rest of it also it
doesn't seem like there's as much rubber
casing around it the screen isn't as
recessed as I would expect for a device
of this type so it is going to be more
durable than your average other phone it
also comes in an excellent price $99
after a new two-year service agreement
what does it have it has Android 4.0 Ice
Cream Sandwich running on here it's got
a 4-inch display very lovely nice
contrast nice color it's got everything
that comes with Android so you've got
Google Maps Navigation you've got other
Google services like YouTube on it you
can sign in to multiple accounts and
it's got androids TouchWiz interface
which really adds a lot to there's NFC
on here so you'll be able to share
content like URLs photos and videos by
tapping to NFC capable phones together
that's using Samsung's sbeam
modification of Android Beam there's
also a five megapixel camera on the back
with flash and it takes video in 1080p
HD there's a 1.3 megapixel camera on the
front so you will be able to video chat
another interesting feature that this
has is a convenience button
the side I love this because it's
programmable and that means that you can
program your camera app to it you can
program it to trigger the dialer or
pretty much any app in November 18 t is
going to launched enhanced push-to-talk
and so in the future if you do want to
use this as a push-to-talk phone you can
program push-to-talk with the
convenience key another benefit of this
phone is that during my test it
exhibited excellent call quality so that
is definitely a bonus if you're not
using push-to-talk you can communicate
the usual way now the rugby pro is a
waterproof for up to 8 meter in depth
for up to 30 minutes of course we're
going to test that out one two three
that sounded pretty hard but I can
definitely see the screen I'm going to
call from this phone here there we go
accepting a call underwater there we go
tone is completely unscathed so here it
is a little bit wet but no worse for the
wear
I'm Jessica dubler from C net and this
is your first look at the Samsung rugby
pro 418 P